Add `osu!taiko Mapping World Cup 2025: Registrations Open!` news post & wiki page, amend TMWC 2024 wiki page (#13523)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-07-20-osu-taiko-mapping-world-cup-2025-registrations.md

Following feedback on last year's contest, this year's format will be less demanding in volume and provide with participating teams with more time to produce their maps. Specifics will be released when the contest starts but rest assured that this will be a blast!

Team sizes will range from 3 to 6 people, with the ability to have multiple teams per country depending on the amount of sign-ups. If there isn't a sufficient amount of people from a country to create a team, the registered participants will be combined with other participants from their geographical region in the same situation. The aim of this contest is to allow everyone to participate after all!

If you want to read more about the rules, contest format, schedule, and judging criteria, please check out this contest's [wiki page](/wiki/Contests/TMWC/2025) and [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/) for more information.

## Registrations

> Registrations are open from now until August 17th! To register, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/8da1riW77rrTUd2R9), and join the contest's [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/A33s9SU9Bt) to stay up to date with the latest news and announcements.

Reviewer: Registrations are open from now until 00:00 UTC+0 on August 17th! To register, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/poJrvrceL3E19bSE6)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Registrations are open from now until 00:00 (UTC) on August 17th! To register, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/poJrvrceL3E19bSE6), and join the contest's [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/A33s9SU9Bt) to stay up to date with the latest news and announcements.
```

Do note that it's required for the team captains to be present in the Discord server to keep up with any announcements or changes related to the contest.

## Prizes

The top 3 countries that reign supreme will be awarded with the following prizes:

- **1st place:** Cash prize, [contest points](/wiki/Contests/Contest_points), and a shiny profile badge.
- **2nd place:** Cash prize and contest points.
- **3rd place:** Cash prize and contest points.

The amount of contest points awarded will be determined by the number of mappers participating in the contest, as detailed in the [contest points key](/wiki/Contests/Contest_points#points-key). The cash prize will, same as last year, be crowd-funded and a link will be available in the contest Discord for those who wish to support the contest.

---

Please note that this is just a quick overview of the tournament. If you want to participate, please read the full rules, which can be found on the [wiki page](/wiki/Contests/TMWC/2024), or you can ask questions in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/5ewzEEcUCB).

> Last year for the first iteration of TMWC we had a fantastic turnout and over 100 fantastic beatmaps produced. This year we are hoping to surpass last year's standards, so tell your friends and sign up today!

Reviewer: this reads awkward now, change to 'The first iteration of TMWC last year had a.....'

> Last year for the first iteration of TMWC we had a fantastic turnout and over 100 fantastic beatmaps produced. This year we are hoping to surpass last year's standards, so tell your friends and sign up today!

Author: https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/13523/commits/29e967bc49107d02fc8ac8d6b8e8e7f7d8e76d15
